[Music]
configure and edit in multiple aspect
ratios in Cutting Room go to settings
click outputs and personalize the aspect
ratios according to your needs in the
editor we recommend that you first edit
in 16x9 as this is considered the master
version to edit stories in different
aspect ratios select your chosen aspect
ratio in the drop-down box under the
preview player changing what is focused
on in a narrower aspect ratio requires
setting key frames to do this in the
preview player click and hold the video
as you drag it to your chosen Focus area
a small diamond shape will appear in the
player to indicate that a key frame has
been set for the video's placement by
setting only one key frame the placement
of the video will remain in that
position for the duration of the video
to change the placement of the video as
it plays you will need to set multiple
key frames identify what you want to
focus on at different points in the
video's duration go to the first chosen
time on the timeline and click and drag
the video in the preview player to set
the key frame for the first Focus Point
go to the second chosen time and set
another key frame by clicking and
dragging the video to a new Focus Point
notice that a diamond shape appears
where each key frame is set continue to
do this for any other Focus points you
want to have for further moments in the
same video to delete a key frame select
the diamond where the key frame is set
and press delete on your keyboard
setting key frames in any one aspect
ratio that is narrower than 16 by9 will
set the exact same key frames in all
other aspect ratios that are narrower
than
16x9 therefore we recommend setting key
frames in your narrowest aspect ratio to
ensure an accurate focal point for all
other aspect ratios in addition to
setting key frames you can also change
how Graphics look in the different
aspect ratios any graphic added in 16x9
will appear in the other aspect ratios
however it might look different so you
will need to make
adjustments note that adapting a graphic
to better suit a certain aspect ratio
will not change how the graphic looks or
is positioned in the other aspect
[Music]
ratios some features of a graphic can
only be changed in the master version
which is the 16x9 aspect ratio
these fixed features of a graphic will
look the same in all the different
aspect ratios
[Music]